# hello-world
This is a multi-purpose repository

To whom it may concern,
  Wassup! My name is Pete. I am relatively new to all things programming, including github! I enjoy front end development, and I am proficient with HTML5, CSS3, and I  am currently learning javaScript. I have a few projects under my belt such as, cloning a bunch of landing pages, and a few Shopify stores including customizations to the Shopify themes usinng their server side language, "liquid". My aim is to be self employed as a freelance programmer. Right now my focus is front end e commerce development, with an expertise in Shopify platform.
   However, this is not my end goal. I choose this route because I needed the quickest way to get experience, while I earn (i.e. earn as you learn). Because Shopify development doesn't require barely any knowledge in javaScript and limited knowledge in their server side language (which they have tutorials etc.) it was the perfect place to get my feet wet. The Platform I am using is Upwork. Anyways, what's the end goal then? The end goal is actually blockchain deveolpment, specifically the Ethereum blockchain, and thhe language Solidity. 
   Why not just learn that then? Because the front work that I would have to put in, in order to  get paid is a lot more significant then learning HTML and CSS, and a platform like Shopify. Plus I also forgot to mention, I have no prior coding experience, nor computer literacy at all! Like 0! no lie! 
   Prior to learning HTML, my annual time on a computer was 1hour in total! That's it! I was a coffee service tech, which basically means I Rebuilt, fixed and installed all kindsof coffee machines, and water machines and drove around all day. 
   So it is definitely an understatment to say that the road thus far has been a challenging one for me. But, nevertheless here I am and I am continuing to plug along. So far my journey has been 4 1/2 months in total.
    I look forward to future collabarations, and to filling this Github account up with a whole bunch of projects, ideas etc. 
